Update MAS Advocate guidelines (#2471)
OWASP/owasp-mastg: Document/0x02c-Acknowledgements.md

### 📝 How to Apply

If you'd like to apply please contact the project leaders by sending an email to [Sven Schleier](mailto:sven.schleier@owasp.org) and [Carlos Holguera](mailto:carlos.holguera@owasp.org) who will validate your application and provide you with a _contribution report_. Please be sure to include sufficient evidence (e.g including links to PRs) showing what you've done in the 6 months period that goes inline with the three categories described above:

> - **Make consistent high-impact contributions**

Author: ```suggestion

- **Make consistent high-impact contributions**
```

### 📝 How to Apply

> If you'd like to apply please contact the project leaders by sending an email to [Sven Schleier](mailto:sven.schleier@owasp.org) and [Carlos Holguera](mailto:carlos.holguera@owasp.org) who will validate your application adn provide you with a _contribution report_. Please be sure to include sufficient evidence (e.g including links to PRs) showing what you've done in the 6 months period that goes inline with the three categories described above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you'd like to apply please contact the project leaders by sending an email to [Sven Schleier](mailto:sven.schleier@owasp.org) and [Carlos Holguera](mailto:carlos.holguera@owasp.org) who will validate your application and provide you with a _contribution report_. Please be sure to include sufficient evidence (e.g including links to PRs) showing what you've done in the 6 months period that goes inline with the three categories described above:
- **Make consistent high-impact contributions**
- **Showing Adoption**
- **Spreading the word**
```
